---
layout: post
cid: 54
title: 昆虫与人类（8）：吃昆虫能拯救世界吗
slug: chi-kun-chong-neng-zheng-jiu-shi-jie-ma
date: 2014/04/29 14:32:00
updated: 2019/10/14 21:09:46
status: publish
author: ryuzheng
categories: 
  - 大学杂记
tags: 
  - 昆虫与人类
banner: 
bannerascover: 1
bannerStyle: 0
excerpt: 
posttype: 0
showfullcontent: 0
showTOC: 0
---


很久没有更新关于昆虫与人类的Post了，其实这个学期我还是选修了一门昆虫产业课，但是内容高度重复所以我也没有什么好再说的了，偏偏是今晚，在课上看到一部不错的BBC的纪录片，所以拿来给大家分享分享。

片名：**Can Eating Insects Save the World?**

在BBC上的链接是（[http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p01599yk](http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p01599yk)）可以看到这部片子播出在13年的一月。实话说片中的男主角还是很帅的，这就是英剧该有的特点吗哈哈。

<iframe height=400 width=700 src='http://player.youku.com/embed/XNTY3NjMyODIw' frameborder=0 'allowfullscreen'></iframe>

<iframe height=400 width=700 src='http://player.youku.com/embed/XNTY3NjMyOTky' frameborder=0 'allowfullscreen'></iframe>

片子普及了吃昆虫的概念，看来欧美对于东南亚这种风俗还是挺难接受的，但是联合国所说昆虫作为未来食物是肯定不会错的。

&nbsp;

BBC的介绍：

DURATION: 59 MINUTES

<div class="full_synopsis" id="synopsis" style="padding-right: 16px; color: rgb(51, 51, 51); font-family: arial, sans-serif; font-size: 13px; line-height: 16.899999618530273px;">
	<div class="copy" content="How would you feel about eating deep fried locusts, ant egg salad or barbequed tarantulas? This documentary sees presenter and food writer Stefan Gates immerse himself in the extraordinary world of hardcore insect-eating in a bid to conquer his lingering revulsion of bugs and discover if they really could save the planet. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;With 40 tonnes of insects to every human, perhaps insects could offer a real solution to the global food crisis - where billions go hungry every day whilst the meat consumption of the rich draws vast amounts of grain out of the global food chain. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Stefan's on a mission to meet the people in Thailand and Cambodia that hunt, eat and sell edible insects for a living. But nothing quite prepares him for bug farming on this terrifying scale, from stalking grasshoppers at night to catching fiercely-biting ants. And it's not just insects on the menu. Stefan also goes hunting for the hairiest, scariest spider on the planet - the tarantula. Stefan asks if the solution is for everyone - the British included - to start eating insects too." property="dc:description">

			&nbsp;

			How would you feel about eating deep fried locusts, ant egg salad or barbequed tarantulas? This documentary sees presenter and food writer Stefan Gates immerse himself in the extraordinary world of hardcore insect-eating in a bid to conquer his lingering revulsion of bugs and discover if they really could save the planet.

			With 40 tonnes of insects to every human, perhaps insects could offer a real solution to the global food crisis - where billions go hungry every day whilst the meat consumption of the rich draws vast amounts of grain out of the global food chain.

			Stefan&#39;s on a mission to meet the people in Thailand and Cambodia that hunt, eat and sell edible insects for a living. But nothing quite prepares him for bug farming on this terrifying scale, from stalking grasshoppers at night to catching fiercely-biting ants. And it&#39;s not just insects on the menu. Stefan also goes hunting for the hairiest, scariest spider on the planet - the tarantula. Stefan asks if the solution is for everyone - the British included - to start eating insects too.&nbsp;

			&nbsp;

	</div>
</div>